release/1.276.0 (#1040)
canvas-medical/documentation: collections/_release-notes/2026-02-04-1-276-0.md

---
title: 02.04.2026
layout: productupdates
tags: ui
date: 2026-02-04
---

Today's release includes the following updates:

<span class="tag-ui">ui</span>

> - redesign home app to better suit small screens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- redesign the provider application to better suit small screens
```
